

the space station gives me way less ice/dirt then it actually says it does

1/10/100/custom options for threads and robots
hover-over total water of different types



Computer
	Optimize Land - as is
	Modify Buy Ice 
		Every 1000 bought, ticks += 4, ice bought += 1
		Initial changed to 40
	Remove sell water
	Have better late-game scaling for find more ice sellers
		Every 1000 bought, cost/ticks *= 4, gain *= 5
	Find more Water Buyers
		Quadratically scaling science cost
		Shortish tick time
	Modify Bigger Storms
		Disappears when complete
		Unlocks Targetted Sunlight
			Improves ice melting rate, 10% at a time up to 100%
			Disappears when Complete
			Unlocks Targetted Humidity
				Grow ferns faster, 10% at a time up to 100%
				Disappears when complete
	Remove Build Robots
	Remove More Robot Storage
	Improve House Design Rework
		Double happiness bonus, cost increase 10x, ticks increase 3x
		Costs wood 
	Improve Saws
		Improve Cut Trees rate by 10%
		Takes lots of ticks, tiny amount of metal

Robots
	Build Robots
		requires 10 * # metal, 5k science * # of robots, linear tick increase
	Cut Trees 
		2 trees for 1 wood 
	Remove Modify Expand indoor water storage
	More Robot Storage - 
		Costs 250 land, Metal
		Stores 1 robot
	Modify Build Mines
		faster tick cost increase
		lower limit - floor(square(land)/10)
		Show how many there are
	Remove Turn Ore into Dirt
	Stuff Ore Into Compactor
		Expensive on ticks, no cost otherwise
		Puts 1% of ore into compacted storage
	Has Compacted Ore
	Grind Ore
		Takes flat compacted ore #
		Light on ticks, heavy on flat energy required
		Produces little dirt, littler gems

Tractor Beam
	Uses flat 1 energy for 1 charge
	At 100 charges, takes 1%+10 from passing objects,
	takes 10% from 
	has on/off switch

Battleships
	Rename Terraformers
	cost -> 30m oxygen+100k*#, 3000+200*# metal


Add planet graphics
	show factory, on the planet
	show solar, around the edges
	show coilgun, on the middle and always pointed west
	circle for building factory
	different color for building coilgun
	different color for building solar
	when empty, cannon rotates with planet

Add meteor graphics back
Add ship laser animation
Next System
	enabled when boss planet has 0 health
	10% difficulty increase to 1000%
	Auto next when complete
		Complete when all planets have 0 dirt and no ships or meteors exist
Next Sector
	enabled when at least 5 systems have been completed
	resets difficulty to 0
	powerMult is 3^sector
	artifact gain is sector+1
Killing bosses give void crystals
Unused void crystals increase hangar capacity

collect ships when sector is done
	if target is home and fuel is positive,
	don't take fuel, hide the timer
	can't change sectors without having all ships collected

Potential later upgrades:
	Increase max # of mines per planet, make it choosable down to 1




400 ore per tick is reasonable to obtain -- 200 mines, 200 robots, etc.
5 dirt in 500 ticks would be 1 in 10 ticks, or .1 per tick -- that's half of what the space station sends you. That's probably low. 250 ticks would be on par with the space station.
So 400 ore per tick, 250 ticks per 5 dirt would be my recommendation.

Planets only have a small amount of dirt to send. So, you only mine enough ore for 2 construction bots, and those two bots build the solar panels to power the coil gun.
Strictly short term function
Yea, the whole "conquer the solar system" can use an improvement. Be nice to be able to spread your farms / etc to other planets. Real planets, that don't leak as much
Does stopsign read this and take notes? Are our ideas going into the void?

So, giving another go-round. And, I'm paying attention to details this time.
Happyness is a straight multiplier to your production. Without increasing your water consumption.
Improving farms increases your production, at the cost of increasing your water consumption.
10 pop is a base production of .1, or 100 ticks (10 secs) to produce your population.
So, eat 0.01 food, produce 0.01 output, is the base farm behavior
... So, if I'm understanding this: 1 water turns into 1 food, which turns into 1 unit of production ($1 or 1 sci).
Which means, early game, I can sell water for $2, or I can farm for less unless I'm pushing happyness/improving the house.
... That is not what I expected to find out.
Farms/ people is a bad way to go unless you are pushing happyness. Hmm.
More profitable to sell ice after all.
(at least early on)

Yea, 8000 farms, barely 83k trees -- and this is a massively space-dirt-enhanced world -- and I can barely send 2 ships for no where near enough, maybe doing 1 point of damage to the first world, which I was lucky enough to get near me.
I think comets/asteroids need to be tuned down; water needed (and farms needed) needs to go way, way down, minerals into dirt needs to be viable, and planets ...
maybe the first system you are in has small planets, not much atmosphere, not even highly habited/defended, your second system has bigger and defended planets,
and if you keep going after that, then you lose the ice market, and are relying on intra-galactic transport of ice from the various systems you've conquered ...
and why/how are you able to make interstellar drives from what is basically leftover junk tossed together in a hurry with a small number of cryogenically frozen seed people and a rapid birth rate?
Oh, no, no, no -- I finally realize what you are.
You're trimps! Very high reproduction rate. Ability to cobble together these space stations / interstellar portals. High desire to fight.

... I can't find it. For the ice, I was thinking that each ice upgrade would be +1 + 0.1%, or something like that -- a small constatn for the early game, and a percentage upgrade for late game

To support 1,000 water on the farms, you need 1m ice, which needs 100m ice in the space station.
That's what it takes with no ice market to even consider attacking planets
So with a LOT of land (333k total land), which is 97% optimized with 10k dirt in orbit, 307k trees, 500 farms @ 23.5% efficiency, I am making  30.7k oxygen/sec, and 24.5k science/sec, or just over 1 battery per sec.
The question is, how long before I can get 100m ice in the space station.
And, how in the heck can the ice market supply such crazy levels of ice? Are they depositing comets on my doorstep? ... I'm currently at 1897 per tick, so that's a comet every 2 minutes.
Yea, end-game requires way too much water.


game.hangars[0] should give you a report on your ship hangars
game.hangars[0].sendRate=0 should stop sending the ships and killing your food




